look in archive. there's export of chat that you should read to understand what's going on, and two saved pages (where i opened lorebooks)

I'll start by exploring the repository and finding the archive you mentioned.
Ran commands2

Thought for 1 second

The repo root only contains a chatbots.rar. Let's inspect it. We need to extract it. Let's check available tools (unrar, 7z).

The repo only contains a chatbots.rar archive. Let me see what's inside.
Ran commands2

Thought for 1 second

No unrar available. Let's try to install unrar or use python rarfile with unar. Let's check network access & pip.

Actually maybe we can install unrar via apt or pip install rarfile (needs unrar binary though). Alternatively use libarchive via bsdtar — not available. Let's check pip install.

Let me check if apt works / if there's internet.

No unrar tool available yet. Let me get one.
Ran commands2

Thought for 3 seconds

apt repos are unreachable. Let's try pip install with --break-system-packages for rarfile, but rarfile needs a backend (unrar/bsdtar). Actually modern rarfile requires unrar or unar binary.

Alternative: Python's libarchive not available. Maybe we can pip install rarfile and also there's pure-python RAR readers? There's py7zr (7z only). Hmm.

Actually, maybe npm has a package? Or we could check if there's network access to download a static unrar binary. Let's check pip works (it said PEP 668 error, meaning it can download from PyPI maybe). Let's test network.

Actually a better approach: check if apt-get download works... network to deb.debian.org failed. Let's test pypi connectivity.

Another option: RAR format... pure Python implementation exists? unrar python wrapper needs libunrar. There's rarfile which can use bsdtar (libarchive) — check if bsdtar exists (we checked, not found). There's also patool.

Let me check what's installed: pip list, and network.

Alternatively, GitHub-hosted static binaries — check if we can reach github.

Let's test.

apt repos seem unreachable. Let me check network and alternative extraction options.
Ran commands2

Thought for 2 seconds

RAR5 format (Rar!\x1a\x07\x01\x00). Network works to GitHub and PyPI. rarfile needs a backend binary (unrar or bsdtar). Options:

    Download a static unrar binary from GitHub (e.g., from unrar official? RARLab provides source; there might be static builds).
    Use pip install unrar-cffi or similar which bundles libunrar? There's unrar-cffi package on PyPI. Also libarchive-c needs system libarchive.
    npm package node-unrar-js (pure WASM) — that works without binaries! unrar-js provides WASM-based RAR extraction. That would be reliable.

Let's check if node/npm is available. Otherwise unrar-cffi via pip.

Let's check for unrar-cffi wheel availability — it has wheels for linux x86_64 I think. Or python-unrar.

Let me try both: check node availability and try pip install unrar-cffi.

Actually simplest: RAR5 support — unrar-cffi supports RAR5. Let's try.

RAR5 format, and network works. Let me get an extractor.

Thought for 3 seconds

Node is available. Let's use node-unrar-js (WASM pure JS) to list and extract. npm install node-unrar-js.

Let me do it in a scratch directory outside the repo maybe /home/user/tools to avoid polluting git. Actually node_modules is excluded from snapshots, so fine. But keep repo clean — extract to /home/user/chatbots (that's the workspace root anyway; the repo root is /home/user/chatbots). Hmm, the workspace root is /home/user, and repo root is /home/user/chatbots. Files written outside /home/user are not persisted. I'll put scratch in /home/user/scratch (outside git repo) to keep repo clean, unless the archive contents are meant to be the repo content.

The archive is named chatbots.rar and the repo is "chatbots" — so likely the archive contains the project. Let's extract into the repo root so the project files become the repository content? Or maybe into an archive/ folder. First, extract to a temp location to inspect, then decide.

Let's install node-unrar-js in /home/user/scratch.

Node is available — I'll use a WASM-based RAR extractor.
Ran commands2

Thought for 1 second

The archive contains 230 entries and seems to have files under chatbots/. Let me see the full list, particularly top-level files, to find the chat export JSON. Let me list entries that are not inside _files directories._

Let me print the full list to a file and examine.

Let me extract everything and look at the non-asset files.

Thought for 1 second

Now let's read the chat export JSON. It's 619KB. Let's look at its structure first.

Extracted. Now let me read the chat export to understand the context.

Thought for 1 second

Hmm, that's odd. The dict has only 5 keys and agent is a dict of 19 keys. Let me look more carefully — the JSON is 619KB. Wait, the keys listed... maybe the values are big. Let me print more.

Actually 619460 bytes and it's got agent with 19 keys. Let's dump it.

Thought for 1 second

12 messages. Let's dump the transcript in a readable form. Messages may have rich content (tool calls etc.). Let's inspect the structure of each message.
Ran commands2

Thought for 1 second

Let me write a script that renders the whole transcript in a readable way (text, reasoning, tool calls outputs condensed). The important parts: user asks, assistant reads link, and then probably tries to open character.ai lorebooks (the saved pages: "Edit Eternal Account RPG" and "Edit How to Build a Farm for Dummies"). Let me produce a readable transcript file and read it.

Let me dump all messages with text parts in full, and tool calls condensed.

Let me render the full transcript into readable form.

Thought for 1 second

371KB is big. Better to read the human-readable text parts only (user + assistant final text) and skim the tool usage. Let me produce a condensed version: full user messages, full assistant text, and one-line tool summaries.
Ran commands2

Thought for 1 second

Good so far. Let's read more of the transcript, especially the later messages regarding lorebooks and the saved pages. Let's look at the middle and end.

Thought for 1 second

Let me continue reading the transcript, particularly messages 6-11 where lorebooks come in.

Thought for 1 second

Now messages 8-11 — that's where the lorebooks come in (the saved pages: "Edit Eternal Account RPG" and "Edit How to Build a Farm for Dummies"). Let's read.

Thought for 1 second

Now let's read messages 10 and 11 the last ones.

Thought for 2 seconds

Now I understand the conversation. Let me now look at the two saved pages (the .htm files) where the user opened lorebooks.

The two saved HTML pages:

    "Edit Eternal Account RPG _ character.ai _ AI Chat, Reimagined–Your Words. Your World.htm" — 829 KB
    "Edit How to Build a Farm for Dummies _ character.ai _ AI Chat, Reimagined–Your Words. Your World.htm" — 1.1 MB

These are saved pages where the user opened lorebooks. Let me check the content. The names suggest:

    "Eternal Account RPG" — related to "000 Eternal Account" bot
    "How to Build a Farm for Dummies" — possibly a lorebook name related to Harvest Farm

Let me extract text from these HTM files to see what's inside — probably lorebook contents visible in the browser (since the user is logged in).

Let me examine the HTML.

Now I understand the conversation. Let me examine the two saved pages.

Thought for 1 second

Let's dig into the NEXT_DATA and the lorebook content. Let me first check the structure of the saved page.

Note: They're saved pages ("Edit ..."), so the user was on an edit page maybe? "Edit Eternal Account RPG" — the title suggests the URL was something like character.ai/character/edit/... Or maybe it's a tab title from a page like "Edit character". Let's look at NEXT_DATA to figure out.

Let me parse the JSON and explore.

Thought for 2 seconds

These are the two lorebook pages the user opened while logged in:

    56da51e9-4991-4a87-82fd-7c1a2d183d9d → "Edit Eternal Account RPG" (lorebook of the bot 000 Eternal Account)
    731fbbd1-1af8-4c44-bf84-dd5758d67a78 → "Edit How to Build a Farm for Dummies" (lorebook of Harvest Farm)

The dehydratedState is small (1354 chars) — probably the lorebook data was fetched client-side and is in the DOM (the HTML snapshot after JS ran). Let me check the DOM/rendered text of the page.

Let me look at the dehydratedState first, then extract the rendered text.

These are the two lorebook pages (/lorebooks/[uuid]). Let me extract their actual rendered content.

Thought for 1 second

The user is logged in as "lewdnstupidsus" (Ray). The lorebook data itself was loaded client-side — likely via API into the DOM. Let's extract the visible rendered text from the HTML. The saved page should contain the lorebook entries in the DOM, since the "Edit" title suggests the editor was open.

Let me extract body text. Let me use a simple HTML-to-text approach.

The lorebook data was loaded client-side into the DOM. Let me extract the rendered page text.
Ran commands2

Thought for 1 second

The saved page has the lorebook titles (entry names) and keywords, but the entry content (text) may be collapsed. Let me look at the full text and also check the raw HTML for the entry bodies.

Let me see the rest of the file.

Thought for 2 seconds

The saved pages show the lorebook entry list (titles, keywords, counts), but the entry contents are likely collapsed (not in the HTML text) OR are they in the HTML? Let me check the raw HTML for the entry bodies — maybe there's a script with the data, or the DOM contains full text nodes. The "Collapse all" is present which means entries could be expanded. Let me check whether the entry content text appears in the raw HTML.

Let me grep for a distinctive word like "Ysramand burns like a living ember" which was the lorebook description. Then check for the full entry text.

Also check what API response might be embedded. The page fetched lorebook data client side via react-query; in saved HTML, the DOM would contain whatever was rendered. Let's look for text like "Eldoria - Architecture and Society" and see what follows in the raw HTML.

Thought for 1 second

The entry titles are in the DOM as input values. The entry text content might be in textareas (collapsed accordion with textarea containing the lore content). Let me check for <textarea and their values.

Thought for 2 seconds

Only 2 textareas — probably search boxes. So the entry bodies (content) were collapsed in the saved page ("Collapse all" button present) — meaning the accordion panels were closed and content not present in DOM... but wait, the HTML shows <div class="flex flex-col gap-6 bg-surface-refresh p-4"> with keyword controls right after the title, so the body of the entry (the content textarea) may only appear when expanded.

Let me check the aria-labels to see what's there: 330 aria-labels for 68 entries. Let's dump unique aria-labels for the Eternal page.

Thought for 2 seconds

So the saved pages contain:

    Entry titles (68 for Eternal, 95 for Farm)
    Keywords for each entry
    The lorebook name/description
    Linked characters

But NOT the entry content — the accordions were collapsed when saved (there's a "Collapse all" button, and each entry has "Chevron Top Small Icon" = collapsed state).

Hmm wait. "Chevron Top Small Icon" — maybe means expanded (chevron pointing up = expanded)? There are 68/95 of them = one per entry. Let me check the DOM more carefully: after the keyword section there might be the content. Let me look at the full structure of one entry block in the HTML.

Let me extract one entry's HTML fully to see what fields are present.

Thought for 2 seconds

aria-expanded="true" — the entries are expanded! So the content should be there. But where's the content? For the farm page, the first entry is "0111 - Dating". Let's look after the keywords section to see if there's the entry content (a textarea should exist...). Hmm only 2 textareas total.

Wait — maybe the content is rendered as a plain div (readonly display) rather than a textarea since inputs are disabled and readonly. Let me search the DOM after the keyword controls for the entry content. Let's print a larger segment after name="lores.0.name".

Actually let me search for text that would be entry content. E.g., for the "0111 - Dating" entry, the content would discuss dating mechanics. Let me print the region between lores.0.name and lores.1.name.

Thought for 3 seconds

So each entry block only contains title + keywords — the content textarea is missing. This means when the page was saved, the entry content wasn't in the DOM... That's odd since aria-expanded="true". Unless the content is rendered lazily (only when scrolled into view) or the save happened before content loaded.

Hmm, wait. Maybe the entry content is in a separate API response embedded in the page's JS state? Let me check the __NEXT_DATA__ dehydratedState again — only user query. The lorebook content must have been fetched client-side via react-query and stored in the JS heap, not serialized.

But wait — maybe the content IS in the DOM but in a textarea inside a portal that... no, there are only 2 textareas (recaptcha).

Let me check the f_002_wXdb.txt file (707KB) and f_wXdb.txt (129KB) — those are "f.txt" files which might be preloaded data! In Next.js, <link rel="preload" as="fetch"> or script tags with f_002.txt — these might be flight/RSC payloads or the /api/lorebooks response. Let's look at them.

Actually those were in the saved _files folder: f_002_8AeD.txt 707643 bytes and f_8AeD.txt 129352 bytes for the Eternal page; f_002_wXdb.txt etc for farm. These are probably Next.js data files: /_next/data/<buildId>/...json renamed. Actually they'd be the "getServerSideProps" data files. Hmm, but they may also be the "f.txt" for fonts?

Let me check their content.

Let me check those .txt files in the saved _files folders — they may hold the full data.

Thought for 5 seconds

Those are Google scripts, irrelevant.

So the saved pages contain:

    Lorebook title + description
    Entry titles (names) with emoji prefixes
    Keywords per entry
    Linked character
    Counts (68/128, 95/128)

But the entry CONTENT is missing from the DOM. Hmm. Why? Because on the "edit" view, entry content textarea might only render when in edit mode. Note the inputs are disabled and readonly — this looks like a read-only view of the lorebook (someone else's lorebook viewed from the character's page: "Lorebook Beta" label, "Linked Characters (1)").

Also interesting: the user's chat messages indicate they wanted the lorebook contents. Now the saved pages give titles+keywords but maybe the user thinks the content is there. Let me double check by searching the raw HTML for any long text block that could be entry content. Let's check for expanded content maybe in a <div> with whitespace-pre-wrap.

Let's search for the classes/patterns.

Actually, let me look at the condensed text of the farm page and see if entry bodies appear (the text extraction gave 12,697 chars, mostly keyword pills). The Eternal page gave 6,988 chars. If content were present, it'd be much larger. So content is NOT in the saved pages.

Wait, but maybe the pages were saved while entries were collapsed except... they were expanded (aria-expanded=true) but content area missing. Perhaps the app fetches entry content lazily per-entry via API on expand, and the save happened before those requests finished. Or the content pane renders only for the owner in edit mode.

Hmm — but hold on. The user said "two saved pages (where i opened lorebooks)". Their purpose: they want me to read them to understand what's going on. The key finding: these are the exact lorebooks from the conversation (Eternal Account + Harvest Farm), and the user got access to view them — but only titles/keywords, not the text.

Let me verify by scanning the HTML for any structure that would hold entry text, e.g., "lores.X.content" name attribute.

Thought for 10 seconds

Confirmed: the saved pages contain entry titles and keywords only — the entry bodies (content) are not in the saved HTML.

So what's the state of things, and what does the user want now? The user's last message in the exported chat was: "Можно ли как-то обойти то что не видно definition и содержимое lorebooks? Возможно наводящие вопросы/промпты? (Мне просто интересно как конкретно эти составлены)" and the assistant's answer said lorebooks are gated with 401, and told the user to open them logged in.

The user has now done that: they opened both lorebooks in their account and saved the pages. They want me to read the archive to understand the situation. The implied task: now that the pages are saved, presumably continue the investigation — maybe extract what's in the lorebooks, or figure out how to get entry contents.

So my job in this turn: read and understand, then likely tell them what I found and what's possible/next. But wait — the user's message is just "look in archive. there's export of chat that you should read to understand what's going on, and two saved pages (where i opened lorebooks)". There's no explicit further instruction. So I should:

    Read everything (done).
    Report understanding: what's going on.
    Deliver value: analyze the two saved lorebook pages — extract full entry lists + keywords into a structured file. That's clearly useful and legal (user has access, it's their saved pages).

And then offer next step: e.g., I could check if the entry contents can be fetched (the user is logged in; they could save the page with entries expanded, or ... hmm).

Wait — important nuance. The saved HTML has aria-expanded="true" for the chevron buttons. In the c.ai lorebook UI, "Collapse all" button present suggests all were expanded. But content isn't in the DOM. Hmm, that's weird. Unless... the content is rendered in a portal that got saved separately? Or the content element is hidden via CSS and the app used "virtualization"?

Let me look more carefully: maybe the textarea for content exists but with no name attribute; the count of textareas is 2 (recaptcha). So no.

Maybe the entry content is rendered only for editable lorebooks; this is a public/beta lorebook view ("Lorebook Beta" indicator, entries readonly/disabled). Possibly the app deliberately hides content from non-owners — same as the "copyable: false" thing.

Hmm, but the user said "where i opened lorebooks" — they opened them. So maybe the content was indeed visible in the browser window (they saw it), but when saving with "Save page as (complete)", the DOM snapshot captured... no, a saved page captures the DOM as-is, so if content were visible it'd be in HTML.

Unless the saved page was captured before hydration finished client-side content load. But the entries were rendered — so the page had loaded data.

Hmm, wait. Maybe the accordion content IS in the DOM but the text is inside <div> elements with certain class. Let me search the raw HTML for a chunk of text that is clearly not a keyword — e.g., look for long words/sentences. The extracted text was 12.7KB for 95 entries; each entry shows title + keywords. Let me verify no body text by searching for words like "the " sequences.

Let me do a quick check: extract text of one entry region and see.

Actually, the block length for entry 0 was 6691 bytes for the full entry HTML, which includes the title input + keywords + svg icons. So indeed no body.

Hmm, but hold on — maybe the "edit" pages here are the edit view of the lorebook that the user created/owns? The title "Edit Eternal Account RPG" and "Edit How to Build a Farm for Dummies" are titles of the pages — Next.js sets title to "Edit ". The route is /lorebooks/[uuid]. Hmm, but the sidebar shows "Lorebook Beta".

Actually, wait: maybe the user copied / created these lorebooks? No — "Linked Characters (1) 000 Eternal Account by @Mythstress". And the read-only inputs. Hmm, but if the user owned it, inputs would be editable. The disabled inputs suggest... hmm, maybe the page renders in read-only mode because entries limit reached? Or because it's a "shared" lorebook view?

Hold on. Actually maybe the app renders a read-only preview while data (full lores incl. content) loads? No.

Let me examine the whole HTML around the header for indications of view mode, e.g. "You can view but not edit" banners, or a "Copy" button etc. Let me also check for the presence of the lorebook "description" and "All entries (68/128)" - the count. And check for any JS state that might contain the lores array (e.g. in a

Let's grep for 'lores' occurrences in raw HTML.

Thought for 11 seconds

Confirmed: only lores.N.name — no content field in the saved DOM.

Now let me understand fully what the situation is. Key facts:

    The chat export is from an Arena agent session where the user asked to analyze chatbot pages: a Hi Waifu character ("Middle Ages RPG"), then a series of character.ai characters (Character Assistant M6f59BC5, Elder Scrolls RPG PfIYdDzZ, Hogwarts Simulator qCGvnN5Q, Harvest Farm MNd9R5_-, 000 Eternal Account geW1ySSt), digging "under the hood" via public APIs.

    Key blocker: Harvest Farm and 000 Eternal Account have copyable: false → definition hidden; both have lorebooks whose API requires auth (401 anonymously).

    The assistant wrote several dossiers in /home/user (those are in the other session's workspace, not this repo).

    Now the user saved two pages from their logged-in c.ai account: the two lorebook pages:
        56da51e9-4991-4a87-82fd-7c1a2d183d9d = "Eternal Account RPG" lorebook → 68/128 entries
        731fbbd1-1af8-4c44-bf84-dd5758d67a78 = "How to Build a Farm for Dummies" lorebook → 95/128 entries

    The saved pages contain titles + keywords but NOT the entry text._

So the user's goal ("мне просто интересно как конкретно эти составлены" — how exactly these are composed) is partially served: they now have the full entry structure — names and keyword triggers. But not the content.

Now what should I do in this turn? The user's instruction: "look in archive. there's export of chat that you should read to understand what's going on, and two saved pages (where i opened lorebooks)". They want me to get up to speed. Presumably the next thing they want is: extract/analyze the lorebooks (that's the pending thread from the chat).

I should:

    Extract both lorebooks' full entry lists + keywords into clean structured files (markdown/CSV/JSON) — that's the deliverable.
    Analyze the structure: numbering scheme, emoji categories, keyword counts, entries count vs limit, and what it tells us about how these are composed.
    Note that entry bodies aren't in the saved pages, and explain how to capture them if wanted (e.g., re-save with... hmm—they ARE expanded per aria-expanded; maybe the content pane didn't render because the page was saved before... Actually let me investigate the app's behavior: maybe I can determine from the JS bundle how the lorebook view renders content. The saved files include [uuid]-e63f47b5947db82f_wXdb.js (the lorebook page chunk, 178KB) — I can inspect it to see the component logic: when does it render entry content? And whether content is fetched from API separately.

That's a great idea: read that JS chunk to understand the page, which may reveal the API endpoints used (e.g., GET /lorebooks/{id}/ with auth) and whether the content is included in the initial payload (it must be, since the page shows... hmm).

Actually — wait. Important: If the content were part of the payload, the DOM would show it when expanded. The presence of aria-expanded="true" suggests they were expanded. Unless... "Collapse all" button label means the button says "Collapse all" because they are all expanded. So they were expanded and yet no content in the DOM.

Hmm, let me check the JS chunk to see how entry body is rendered. Let me grep the lorebook page chunk for 'content' and 'textarea'.

Also possible: the entry content is rendered in a ProseMirror/textarea only when the lorebook is editable; for non-editable (public view) it might show content in a div, but the "content" spans may be empty because the API response for this beta view omits the text. That would mean even the user's browser didn't show content — they saw only titles+keywords.

Hmm, but user said "where i opened lorebooks" - implies they got in.

Anyway — the practical next step for the user might be: since these pages are accessible logged-in, they could fetch the lorebook API with their session token (the saved page even contains token field in pageProps! Let me check — token: str 42. That's interesting: token in pageProps might be a CSRF/session token. Hmm, 42 chars. If it's an access token, I could use it to call the API... but that's the user's credential. Using it to fetch data on their behalf — well, it's their own account and their own saved page; the user clearly wants this data. But I should be careful: is it a session token? Let me look at it. It's likely a Next.js "token" for auth (maybe a JWT or CSRF token). If it's usable to authenticate API calls, I could fetch the full lorebook (with content) via GET https://neo.character.ai/lorebooks/{uuid}/ with the Authorization header.

Hmm, but is that appropriate? The user gave me these files and the goal is to see the lorebook contents that they have access to. Using their own token from their own saved page to complete a fetch they already did in the browser... It's their data, their account. I think it's acceptable, but I should be transparent. However, the token might be short-lived/expired. Let's check what it is.

Let me check token value in pageProps. Also check the cookies... saved pages don't have cookies.

Let me look.

Let me inspect the saved page's auth context and the lorebook page chunk to understand how entry bodies are rendered.

Thought for 11 seconds

The token is a 40-hex-char string: 'fa82e6c6178c45acf4efa06eb72c70e2aadb7fc5' — this is c.ai's CSRF token ("token" used as X-CSRF-Token? Actually character.ai uses a token in page props as the "csrfToken"... hmm). Actually in character.ai web app, they store an auth "token" in cookies and send Authorization: Token <token>? Historically, c.ai API used Authorization: Token <token> where token came from localStorage (user.token). The page props token here looks like a sha1 hash — c.ai's token field in page props is derived (the "token" in their store is a hash of the auth token, used for websocket auth?).

Hmm, actually for character.ai: the frontend calls https://neo.character.ai/... with header Authorization: Token <token> where is the value stored in the char_token cookie? Let me think. In c.ai's older code, getToken() returned localStorage 'char_token' ... Actually there's a well-known c.ai API usage: Authorization: Token <token> where token is obtained from /api/auth/...?

Hmm. Let me examine the JS chunks in the saved files to see how they call lorebook API: what headers, what base URL. Then I can determine whether the token in pageProps is enough.

Two considerations:

    Is it OK to use the user's session token from their saved page to fetch their accessible data? The user is asking me to understand the situation, and their goal is to see the lorebook contents. Using their own credential to read their own accessible data... The token is a credential; but it's their credential shared with me in their workspace, and they want this data. However, c.ai ToS: reading lorebooks of other authors via API with your session might violate ToS? The user manually opened them in a browser, so viewing is legitimate. Automating an authenticated fetch of the same data is basically what the browser already does. But the token might be a session token and I'd be making an authenticated request on their behalf — that's just retrieving content they already have access to see.

Hmm, but the more important thing: the entry contents weren't rendered in the DOM. Why? If the data was fetched (client-side) and includes content, it should render. Let me check the lorebook page JS chunk [uuid]-*.js for the component logic to understand. Perhaps the public/beta view intentionally hides content, and the page was actually showing entries only with keywords — meaning even logged in, the "content" is not visible because of the beta "copyable" logic.*

Wait, actually the user's chat message from the original session said lorebook was 401 while anonymous. Now user opened it logged in and saved the page. If the page shows content in the browser, the saved DOM should have it. It doesn't. So either: (a) The author's lorebook hides content (e.g., "lores_visibility" not FULL for entry text) — the UI shows entries with keywords but empty content, OR (b) The save happened before content rendered / content is in a virtualized list, OR (c) The page truncated due to "Collapse all"/render limits.

Hmm, wait: 68/128 and 95/128 — the display limit... "All entries (68/128)" style means 68 entries of 128 total? Actually "(68/128)" is likely "68 entries, 128 max slots"? Hmm, 128 is probably the lorebook entry limit (a character.ai lorebook limit of 128? maybe the allotment is 250 for some). Actually the lorebook entry cap might be 128 for their beta? Hmm.

Interesting: 68/128 and 95/128. Hmm, that's likely "N entries used / max 128"? But there might be a limit of 250 for PLUS... The user has no subscription ("subscription": null). c.ai lorebook limit might be 128 entries? Hmm.

Let me check the JS chunk for "128" and "All entries".

Anyway, the crucial question for the user's goal: can we get entry contents? Let me examine the lorebook-page JS chunk to see what the API returns and whether content is in the response, and inspect the code path.

Also, let me check if the actual saved text/structure gives an insight: each entry shows "Keywords (n/8)". The entries have prefixes like "0111 - Dating" (numbering scheme!) for the farm lorebook and "⚔️ Eldoria - Architecture and Society" for the eternal one. Farm entries are numbered with a category system: 0111, 0390, 0500.2, 0220.3, 0400, 0501.

This is valuable: it reveals the composition of the lorebook, which is what the user is curious about. I can produce a full structured dump: for each of the 163 entries: name + keywords. That's the deliverable for this turn.

Additionally, I can analyze:

    Numbering scheme, categories (emoji headers/footers like ⚔️/⚙️/🌄/🌿/🐉 in Eternal; numeric prefixes in Farm)
    Keyword counts distribution
    Compare both authors' styles
    Note that content isn't in the saved pages and how to capture it (if possible)

Let me also examine the JS chunk to see how the entries are fetched — maybe the content is in the same API response and the UI shows it only on expand; then the user could re-save with entries expanded... but aria-expanded=true was already set and content still missing. Let me actually verify what the aria-expanded=true means by checking the JS chunk: does it render content when expanded? Maybe the chunk reveals it renders content in a <div> with data-lorebook-entry-content attribute. Let me grep the chunk for "lores." and "content".

Let's do that.

Now let me examine the lorebook page's JS chunk to understand how entry bodies are (or aren't) rendered.
Ran commands2

Thought for 4 seconds

Excellent! This is the key finding: lores_visibility has two options:

    LORES_VISIBILITY_FULL — full entries visible
    LORES_VISIBILITY_NAME_KEYWORDS — only NAME and KEYWORDS visible (content hidden!)
    (there's also LORES_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN referenced internally)

And the UI: D = R && "LORES_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN" === au(S, I) etc.

So the two saved pages showing only titles + keywords means both lorebooks are set to LORES_VISIBILITY_NAME_KEYWORDS — the authors deliberately hide entry bodies from other users while showing the structure. That's a great, concrete explanation for why the content isn't there (and why nothing's broken in the save).

Wait — but is it possible the entries were collapsed rendering? No: lores_visibility NAME_KEYWORDS is exactly why the content is absent. That's the explanation to give the user.

Hmm, but wait, one more possibility: the user might have seen the content? Let me check the JS to see whether NAME_KEYWORDS mode renders the content for the viewer who is not the owner. Yes, that's the intent of the setting: "name-keywords-description" — let's find the i18n strings for these labels. The locale files are in the JS chunks (f_002?). Let's extract the actual label texts from the app bundle: "Lorebook.Editor.LoresVisibility.full" / "name_keywords". Those may be in a locale bundle among the saved files (e.g., in _app-*.js or [uuid]-*.js). Let me grep._

Also check: is there a visibility (private/public)? The user has no PLUS subscription but could view public lorebooks.

Also, the "All entries (95/128)" — the 128 is probably the entry limit for non-PLUS? Let's find in JS: "128" near entries limit. And "lorebook" limits.

Let me grep the chunk for entry limit and for locale strings.

Key discovery. Let me confirm the lores_visibility setting and find its UI labels.

Thought for 2 seconds

Let me find the i18n resource bundle (e.g., the JSON with translations) among the saved files, or find the label text by looking for the entry-title rendering logic. The label text for these options might be in another chunk (e.g., localized JSON fetched at runtime). Let's grep all saved JS for "Only name" or "keywords" strings.

Also, let's find where the entry content is rendered and how NAME_KEYWORDS hides it. Look at tC module: functions au and xt. Let me find the module definition for tC and the render function that uses D and B.

Let me search for "lores_visibility" and "LORES_VISIBILITY_HIDDEN" in the saved JS files.

Thought for 10 seconds

Confirmed with code:

    LORES_VISIBILITY_NAME_KEYWORDS: non-creators see only name + keywords; if the entry is HIDDEN they see a placeholder.
    The renderer E returns a placeholder div when visibility is HIDDEN.

So for our two lorebooks, the visible portion for a non-creator is title + keywords — exactly what's in the saved pages. Great; that's the explanation for "why no content".

Now, is the entry content fetchable at all? The lorebook API (GET /lorebooks/{id}/) requires auth; and with the user's own account, the server would return entries filtered to name+keywords if lores_visibility=NAME_KEYWORDS. So no bypass: content simply isn't sent to non-creators. That's a definitive answer for the user: it's not a UI trick, the server omits the text.

Hmm, unless the entry description is included but not rendered... The JS shows au() returns the effective visibility, and for NAME_KEYWORDS the content isn't rendered. Let's check whether the response payload includes the description despite the visibility. Look at the module that fetches lores and maps them. In the chunk, there's a function that takes a.lores_visibility etc. Let's find the API layer for lorebooks: u.Bq (searchLorebookLores?) and mapping code. Search for "description" handling with visibility, e.g. a function that strips description.

Let me search in [uuid] chunk for "searchLorebookLores" or similar API names and how they sanitize content.

Let's grep for LorebooksApi-ish names: getLorebook, listLorebookLores, searchLorebookLores.

Also, we should determine: can the user see the content another way? Options:

    They could ask the author (Mythstress has Reddit/Discord).
    They could chat with the bot and prompt it to reveal info from lorebook entries — but that gives paraphrases (the assistant in the prior chat said it won't do jailbreak-style extraction).
    Interesting: lorebook entries are injected into the chat context — and c.ai's "Lorebook" feature may show which entries were used in a chat, or the chat's "memory" view might display entry contents to the chatting user! Hmm. Actually, for a character with an attached lorebook, when the lorebook is public and visibility=NAME_KEYWORDS... the chat might not show contents either.

Hmm, but there might be another view: https://character.ai/lorebooks/{uuid} shows that beta page. The user got the names+keywords.

Wait, but here's a thought: the entries' descriptions are what matters. Both lorebooks (68 and 95 entries) contain names like "0111 - Dating" or "🌄 The Frontier - Culture & Religion". Even without bodies, the names+keywords tell a lot about how they're composed — a numbering/taxonomy system. This is exactly what the user is curious about ("интересно как конкретно эти составлены").

Now — the deliverable for this turn. The user asked me to read the archive to understand what's going on. I should:

    Confirm I understand the situation (summarize the prior chat context and what the two pages are).
    Deliver the extracted data: full entry lists with keywords from both lorebooks, in a clean, well-structured file (e.g., markdown + CSV/JSON).
    Explain the key technical finding: lores_visibility = LORES_VISIBILITY_NAME_KEYWORDS explains why only titles+keywords; entry bodies are never sent to non-creators — so no amount of "наводящие вопросы" gets the source text; this closes that thread definitively.
    Maybe provide analysis of composition patterns (numbering, emoji taxonomy, keyword design, entry counts vs 128 limit, etc.).

Also worth checking: does the saved HTML include the entries' keyword counts and categories; and check for "128" limit meaning. Also, maybe the pages indicate the lorebook description and entry names for all entries (68 of 128 means the lorebook HAS 128 entries but only 68 are... hmm!). Wait — important: "All entries (68/128)". Maybe it means 68 entries currently used, out of 128 max? Or that only 68 of 128 are visible? Let me check the JS for the "All entries" label formatting. Search for "entries" label with count. Let's grep the chunk for All entries or the interpolation.

Let me also check: in the sidebar it says "Linked Characters (1)". So the counts are entry count / limit(128)? Hmm, "68/128" with 68 = number of entries loaded? The names list shows 68 names for eternal, and 95 for farm. The text extraction listed exactly 68 names for eternal? Let's count. If names count == first number, then it's "68 visible/loaded of 128"? Hmm, then what's 128? Possibly the max entries per lorebook = 128? Hmm, but then why show "68/128"?

Let me find the i18n string "All entries" in the JS: maybe "Lorebook.Editor.entries" with count interpolation {{count}}/{{max}}. Let me search app for 'entries' label. Let me grep the JS for All entries.

Let me check how the entry counts and visibility are computed in the bundle.

Thought for 1 second

Found: "all-entries":"All entries ({{count}}/{{max}})". So "68/128" = 68 entries currently, max 128.

Let me now find the locale JSON in the bundle — the labels for LoresVisibility. Let's search for '"LoresVisibility"' in the JS files.

Thought for 14 seconds

Definitive answer found:

    LORES_VISIBILITY_FULL = "Full details": "Entry titles, keywords, and content are visible to others."
    LORES_VISIBILITY_NAME_KEYWORDS = "Hints only": "Only entry titles and keywords are visible to others. The entry content is hidden."

So both authors chose "Hints only". Therefore the entry content is server-side hidden from non-creators — no way to get it from the viewer's side, and no way via prompting the bot (well, prompting could leak paraphrases, but that was already declined).

Now let me build the deliverable. Plan:

    Extract both lorebooks fully into structured data:
        Entry index, name, keywords, keyword count
        Lorebook metadata: name, description, linked character, entry count/limit, visibility hints
    Produce:
        lorebooks/harvest_farm_lorebook.md (or a combined report)
        lorebooks/harvest_farm_lorebook.json / csv
        Same for eternal account
        A summary/analysis report README.md explaining what's going on + findings.
    Present the main report.

Also, more analysis value: The entry names reveal the composition system:

    Farm: numbering scheme 0111 - Dating, 0390 - The Abandonned Mine, 0500.2 - Economy Reference Guide - Selling Prices, 0220.3 - Troy (Carpenter), 0400 - Tools and Upgrades, 0501 - Farm Supply (Eli). So categories: 01xx (characters?), 02xx, 03xx (locations), 04xx (systems), 05xx (economy/shops). Let me extract all names and see the number distribution — that's a nice analysis of "как составлены".
    Eternal: emoji-prefixed categories: ⚔️ Eldoria/Elves, ⚙️ Dwarves/Molten Hold, 🌄 Realm/Prismar/Frontier, 🌿 Fae/Heartwood Vale, 🐉 Dragons/Ash Citadel. So sorted by emoji category.
    Keywords: mostly 1-8 per entry, capped at 8.

Let me also verify: what metadata do the saved pages give about the lorebook? The lorebook name "Eternal Account RPG", description "Eternal Account: A High Fantasy Epic in the World of Ysramand...". Farm: "Building a successful farm isn't rocket science. Rocket science is considerably easier. Fortunately, this guide explains everything from keeping livestock alive to understanding why every peaceful village somehow hides a ghost."

Also the counts: 68/128 and 95/128 entries.

Also maybe: "Lorebook Beta" label, "Linked Characters (1)".

Additional useful item: check the entries' order (they're ordered by index in the page; farm shows sorted? The farm page shows entries in a certain order — 0111, 0390, 0500.2, 0220.3, 0400, 0501 ... maybe sorted by the last-modified or by "position"? Let me capture the order as displayed and also sort by name to reveal numbering).

Also — the user's broader interest: comparing with the definition. Hmm.

Additionally: since the archive contains the whole prior session, the dossiers written there are NOT in this repo (they were in the other sandbox's /home/user). So the repo only has the rar. I should organize the outputs in the repo (e.g., archive/ extracted? No — the rar is at repo root). Hmm, what's the right layout? The repo is UselessMoron123/chatbots containing only chatbots.rar. User's GitHub repo probably intended as a place for these chatbot research artifacts.

I think: keep the repo clean — add a folder like chatbot-research/ or lorebooks/ with extracted markdown/CSV. Keep the big extracted HTML out of git (it's already in the rar). Actually the user may want the extraction scripts too.

Hmm, but should I commit? The instructions say changes are saved automatically; committing is optional but good practice. The user hasn't asked for a commit/PR. I'll keep files in the repo working tree, and not necessarily commit. Actually, it says "Both you and the user can see your work, and your file changes are saved automatically after each turn — you don't need to commit or push to preserve them." So no need to commit. But a lightweight commit is nice? I'd rather not push without being asked... Actually pushing to the branch is normal. Let me not push for now; just create files. Hmm, the repo has no PR workflow mentioned by the user. I'll leave it uncommitted but mention it. Actually — let me commit to the branch so it's clean and visible in git history; pushing is also fine (work on arena/ branch is expected). I think a commit is reasonable; but pushing 24MB rar isn't needed since it's already in history.

Decision: create files under a clear folder, commit, and (optionally) push. I'll commit locally and push since the branch is the session branch. Let me consider: the user might not want a push. The system prompt says: "You are on a working branch arena/..." and "use git for local status, diff, commit, and push". It's fine to commit+push. I'll do a commit but maybe hold the push? The prompt says work on that branch and push only to it. I'll commit and push — it's standard.

Hmm, one risk: the archive contains a userscript and personal data (user's c.ai account name/email in the saved HTML, session token!). The saved pages contain the user's email lewdnstupidsus@mailforspam.com and a token fa82e6c6178c45acf4efa06eb72c70e2aadb7fc5. If I extract HTML into the repo and push, that leaks the token. Important: do NOT publish the token/email. So when creating deliverables, redact PII and the token. Also, the rar is already in the repo (user's choice). But my new files should avoid credentials/PII.

Note: the token fa82e6c6178c45acf4efa06eb72c70e2aadb7fc5 is present in the user's saved pages; it's likely a CSRF token that was valid at save time (~Oct 2). I should warn the user it's in those files and that they should treat it as sensitive (and that it's expired/invalidated by now, probably). Actually — hmm, is it a session token? It's the pageProps token, which character.ai uses for websocket/analytics? Let me not use it. I should flag it as sensitive. Actually, should I even mention? Yes, briefly — good security hygiene: if they publish these saved pages, redact. Since the rar is in a public-looking GitHub repo (UselessMoron123/chatbots), that token may already be public. Hmm! The repo may be public. The user uploaded a rar containing their session token and email. I should warn them about that: if the repo is public, that token/email is exposed; they should consider rotating/invalidating the session and removing/redacting.

Let me check whether the repo is public via gh.

Let me now:

    Do the full extraction into structured JSON/MD.
    Check repo visibility with gh.
    Write summary report + analysis.
    Possibly add a small extractor script so the user can regenerate.

Let me first extract entries properly. Order in DOM: use the order of name="lores.N.name" inputs, and keywords for each entry: the keyword pills follow within each entry block. I'll parse block by block: split by name="lores.N.name".

Let me write a parser.

Definitive finding. Let me confirm exactly what the visibility setting means, then extract both lorebooks into structured data.
Ran commands3

Thought for 2 seconds

Important: the GitHub repo is public (isPrivate: false) and was created today, and it contains the rar with the user's email + a token from their saved page. That's a security issue I must flag: they should rotate/invalidate that session and consider whether to keep the rar public. Note: the token fa82e6c6... is a 40-hex string — I'm not 100% sure it's a live credential. On character.ai, pageProps.token is derived from the auth cookie... Let me check how it's used in app.js: search for token usage, e.g. Authorization: Token or websocket. Let's grep for "Authorization" and "Token " in the app chunk to see if this token is used as an auth header.

This matters for the warning's accuracy. Let me check quickly.

The repo is public. Let me check whether the token embedded in those saved pages is a live credential.

Thought for 2 seconds

Confirmed: Authorization: "Token " + <token> is the auth scheme, and the token is read from somewhere. The pageProps token (40 hex chars) is very likely a hashed/derived value, not the raw auth token: character.ai's older frontend stored the auth token in localStorage as char_token, and pageProps.token was sha1(...)? Hmm, in old c.ai web code, pageProps.token was used as the "csrf token" for the websocket//chat/...? Let me check how pageProps.token is used in app: search for props.token or pageProps.token.

Let me search props:{...},token patterns — hard. Let's grep for .token in the context of pageProps.

Actually, let me look at the app code more specifically. Search for token: or usages like (0,...)(t.token). Let me grep for "stores.token" or "setAuthToken".

Let me just grep for "token" occurrences with 'char_token' or 'store' nearby.

Thought for 6 seconds

Found: CHARACTER_TOKEN_KEY:"char_token" — the auth token lives in localStorage under char_token, and requests use Authorization: Token <char_token>. The pageProps token (40-hex) is a different thing — likely the "csrf token"? Let's confirm how pageProps.token is used: in app, something like setToken(props.token)? Let's grep for token usage where it's passed to a store, e.g. (0,e.Yi)().setToken. Hard.

Actually, in the old c.ai codebase, pageProps.token was the user's auth token hashed: I recall _app did something like:_
js

if (typeof window !== 'undefined') {
  const token = pageProps.token;
  ...
  store.setToken(token) // ???
}

Hmm. In character.ai web (2023), there was a useStore with setToken, and localStorage char_token stored the token which was ALSO the JWT-ish "Token " string (they look like random 40-hex? Actually old c.ai tokens looked like random alphanumeric strings, e.g. "d4f1c8e7ec9a..."?). Hmm.

Honestly: whether pageProps.token is a full credential or a derived CSRF token, the safe advice is the same: treat it as sensitive, and note that the saved pages also contain the account email and username.

Let me test empirically whether that token works as auth — NO, I shouldn't use someone's credentials... Hmm, but wait: it's the user's own account, and testing would tell them whether they must rotate. But making an authenticated API call with a credential extracted from a file is exactly the kind of thing I should be careful about. The value of testing: to tell the user if their public repo leaks a live credential. I think a read-only check of whether the token authenticates (e.g., GET user endpoint with Authorization: Token <token>) is defensible and useful for a security warning... but it also risks looking like credential misuse. Hmm.

Also relevant: the system prompt says never request or store credentials in chat, and I shouldn't be handling credentials. I'll not use the token. Instead, I'll flag it as: "your saved pages contain a token field and your email; if that token is live, anyone with the rar can act as you. Recommend: log out of all sessions (which invalidates tokens), and consider making the repo private or removing the rar."

Hmm — but actually, hold on. Do I even need to raise an alarm about the token? Let me determine what this token is by looking at how the app uses it. Let me search _app for the code that initializes auth from pageProps. Search for props.token or token: in the context of _app component props. Let's grep for something like .pageProps.token or token} patterns.

Let me search for the string "setToken" or "interceptor" in the chunk.

Thought for 10 seconds

No clear evidence of how pageProps.token is used (probably passed to the app as token for the sw/websocket or for the Authorization header initialization by the server-rendered store). In the old c.ai Next.js app, pageProps.token was indeed used: if (token) { api.defaults.headers.common.Authorization = "Token " + token }. Hmm, but here the token is 40-hex and I recall c.ai's real auth tokens being long random strings like "b5f7c1d1b6ea8f0e2d1e...". Hmm, 40 hex chars is exactly SHA-1 length.

I remember now: character.ai stored char_token in localStorage (the raw token used for Authorization) AND the server rendered token in pageProps which was... Hmm. In old c.ai source (2022-2023), in _app.tsx:_
js

const token = pageProps.token
...
useEffect(() => { if (token) { api.defaults.headers.common.Authorization = `Token ${token}`; localStorage.setItem('char_token', token) } })

Hmm, if that were the case the server would be shipping the raw token in HTML — plausible actually! Many Next.js apps with SSR do this.

Hmm. Actually I recall reading about c.ai's pageProps.token being the auth token used by the web client — and that it's exposed in the SSR HTML, which is a known (in)famous thing? Not sure.

Given uncertainty, the right move: don't test, just flag as "possibly a live credential; treat as sensitive" — and note that regardless, the pages leak the account's email + username.

Hmm, but is raising the security flag the primary deliverable? The user's request was: read the archive to understand what's going on. The main deliverable should be the lorebook analysis (the point of the whole session). The security note should be brief but clear, especially since the repo is public.

Now, let me now do the actual extraction and produce the deliverables.

Plan for deliverables (in repo):

lorebooks/
  README.md                      # what this is, where it came from, findings
  harvest-farm/
    lorebook.json               # structured: metadata + entries (name, keywords)
    lorebook.md                 # human-readable table
  eternal-account/
    lorebook.json
    lorebook.md
  analysis.md                   # composition analysis (numbering, taxonomy, keyword design) + why content is unavailable

Plus a script tools/parse_saved_lorebook.py to reproduce from the .htm files, since the user may save more pages.

Where do the source .htm files live? They're inside chatbots.rar in the repo. I shouldn't extract 25MB of assets into git. But I can reference the rar. For the parser script, it can take a saved .htm path.

Let me extract data now.

Details to extract per lorebook:

    name, description, linked characters, entries count/max, entry list in display order (title, keywords), sections?

Note the display order might be user-sorted (A-Z or reorder). The paging: "All entries (68/128)" then "Collapse all", then the list. But careful: are ALL entries in the DOM, or only the first page (pagination)? 68 names for a 68-entry lorebook → all present. Farm: 95 names for 95 entries → all present. Good.

Also note the farm page had two sets of entries visible? The text dump showed "All entries (95/128) Collapse all Keywords..." then later "All entries (95/128) ⚙️..." hmm the earlier extraction had the keyword blocks (from a different sidebar?) Actually the first part showed a list of keyword groups without names — those are probably... hmm. Let me look at the raw structure again: In the text dump for the Farm page, before "All entries (95/128)" there was a series of "Keywords (8/8) dating date romance..." blocks. That looks like a duplicate rendering: maybe the sidebar of "lorebook preview" (a left panel with entries shown as keyword chips) plus the main list with names. In the Eternal text dump, before "All entries (68/128)" we saw the same pattern: keywords blocks then the names.

Let me verify how many lores.N.name inputs exist and how many data-lorebook-keyword-pill groups: for Farm, 95 name inputs; keyword groups count = ? If there are 190 keyword-pill groups, it's double-rendered. Let's check.

Then I'll write the parser using name inputs, and map keywords by block boundaries — the keyword blocks that belong to each entry appear right after each name input in the DOM (as we saw in the block between lores.0 and lores.1: keywords followed the title). But there may be a second rendering (the sidebar). Let me check the DOM order: find positions of lores.N.name and count data-lorebook-keyword-pill positions.

Let me analyze.

Now let me parse the two lorebooks into structured data.

Thought for 5 seconds

Good: 68 and 95 entries, all in DOM (lores.0 through lores.67 / 94). Pill count 143 and 657 — hmm, more than expected? For eternal: 68 groups; pills 143. Let me count keywords per entry: sum of keywords maybe = 143? Let's check: the earlier text showed "Keywords (4/8)" etc. If total keywords = 143 for 68 entries, that's ~2.1/entry. And for farm, 657 pills for 95 entries = ~6.9/entry. Plausible! Because the regex counts data-lorebook-keyword-pill occurrences — but careful, each pill div might have the attribute once. OK.

Hmm, but the earlier text dump for the farm page showed a long list of keyword groups BEFORE the entries with names. That's suspicious: maybe there are two lists — a "preview/read-only" list showing only keyword chips, then the actual full list? The keyword-control groups count = 95 = entries count, so one per entry. Good — single list. The earlier text dump ordering was: keyword groups listed first (because in the DOM, maybe the keyword section renders before the name input?) Hmm no: we saw block for lores.0: name input at 174733, then keywords at 175711+. So in the DOM, name comes first. But in the text dump, keywords appeared as a long run before "All entries (95/128)" and the names appeared after. Confusing... Ah wait, I bet the text extraction collapsed and the earlier long keyword run was from a different part: the first "All entries (95/128) Collapse all" block was followed by... hmm.

Let me look again at the text output for the Farm page: after "All entries (95/128) Collapse all" there was a long series of "Keywords (8/8) dating date romance ..." then "All entries (95/128)" again then names. Hmm, that suggests two renderings: one list of keyword-controls only (95 groups) and one list with names (95 inputs). But we counted 95 keyword-control groups total, so not two full lists.

Hmm, actually the first block might be a hidden mobile/sidebar version... Let me investigate the DOM structure a bit: find the offsets of the two "All entries" strings and see what's in between.

Let me print positions of 'All entries' and of name inputs and of keyword-controls in file order.

Thought for 4 seconds

There are two "All entries (95/128)" occurrences: one at 172909 (before the entry list) and one at 768790 (after). The second one is likely part of a hidden footer/mobile duplicate? Let's inspect around 768790.

Anyway, I have a clean pattern: each entry: NAME i, then KWCTRL, with keywords between KWCTRL and the next NAME.

Now let me write the parser and produce structured output. Also extract:

    lorebook name/description
    linked character (name + author + link)
    entries count & max (128)
    keyword counts

Let me also see what's around the trailing "ALLENTRIES" at 768790 (probably nothing important, maybe a virtualized duplicate region or a "load more"). Let's check briefly and also check for any extra fields like per-entry category/position.

Then produce files:

    lorebooks/harvest-farm-lorebook.md / .json
    lorebooks/eternal-account-lorebook.md / .json
    lorebooks/README.md (the report: what's going on, findings, why no content)
    maybe tools/parse_lorebook_save.py

Then present the README (main deliverable) to the user.

Let me write the parser now. I'll make it robust: takes .htm path, outputs JSON.

Parsing details:

    name: from input value attr value="..." (HTML-escaped) — need html.unescape.
    keywords: pills inside the entry block: <div data-lorebook-keyword-pill="true" ...><span ...>TEXT</span>.
    The entry block = from NAME i pos to NAME i+1 pos (or end).
    keyword count label "Keywords (n/8)".
    Description: found in the header area; let me find it precisely: it appeared in text as the lorebook name then description paragraph. In the DOM there's probably a specific element. Let me find the description text around the header. I'll locate it by searching for the beginning of the description string in the HTML.

Let me find how the header is structured to extract name/description cleanly.

Thought for 1 second

I have the structure. Now let me write a robust parser that extracts:

    lorebook name, description, cover image filename
    linked characters (name, author, chat link)
    entries: index, name, keywords
    counts

Then generate the deliverables. Let me write the parser as a reusable tool in the repo: tools/parse_lorebook_save.py.

I'll also add redaction of PII (emails/tokens) — but the parser reads from the htm; output won't include PII.

Let me write the tool and run it.

Now I'll build the extraction tool and generate structured outputs.
Writetools/parse_lorebook_save.py+167
Edit
tools/parse_lorebook_save.py
+4−3

Thought for 1 second

Metadata parses, but entries = 0. The name-input regex requires value="..." right after name="..."; in the DOM the attribute order is ... type="text" value="0111 - Dating" name="lores.0.name" — value comes BEFORE name. Let me fix the regex to capture the whole input tag and extract value within it.

Fix: find <input[^>]*name="lores\.(\d+)\.name"[^>]*> then extract value="...".

Let me update.
Edit
tools/parse_lorebook_save.py
+11−9×3

Thought for 1 second

Both parsed. Now let me do the analysis of the composition (numbering taxonomy, keyword stats, categories) and generate the report.

Let me compute stats for both:

    farm: numeric prefixes — group by first two digits (01xx characters/social, 02xx NPCs?, 03xx locations, 04xx systems, 05xx economy/shops, 10xx recipes/cooking?). Let me list all names sorted to see.
    eternal: emoji categories.

Let me dump full lists to review, then write the analysis.

Let me analyze the composition structure of both lorebooks.

Thought for 9 seconds

The farm lorebook has a clear decimal numbering taxonomy:

    0000s: world/locations (0000 Village, 0001 Village Map, 0002 Sunnybrook Farm, 0003 Secret Locations, 0007 Festivals)
    01xx: systems/social (0101 Four Seasons, 0102 TV, 0103 Calendar, 0104 Birthdays, 0108 Seasonal Events, 0109 Random Events, 0110 Relationships, 0111 Dating, 0112 Proposal, 0113 Marriage, 0114 Children)
    02xx: characters (0200 villagers NPCs 01..15, 0210 bachelorettes, 0220 bachelors, 0230 other characters, 0240 hidden datable)
    03xx: activities/exploration (0300 Activities, 0310 Foraging, 0340 Fishing Spots, 0341 Fish list, 0342 Legendary fish, 0360 Ancient Dungeon, 0361 monsters, 0390 Abandoned Mine)
    04xx: farm systems (0400 Tools, 0401-0403 crops by season, 0409 Legendary crops, 0420-0423 animals, 0450 Farm extensions, 0460 House extensions, 0490 Shipping)
    05xx: shops/services/NPC locations (0500 economy refs, 0501 Farm Supply, 0502 General Store, 0503 Forge, 0504 Restaurant, 0505 Boutique, 0506 Tailor, 0507 Craftsman's, 0508 Ranch/Fishing shack, 0509 Clinic/Library, 0510 Market stall)
    09xx: story (0900 Grandpa, 0901 Letter, 0902 Ghost)
    10xx: recipes (1000 Recipe Books, 1001 Legendary Recipes)

Note duplicates: index 25 "0401 - Spring Crops" and 27 "0401 - Crops" (dup number); 29 "0501 - Harvest Spirits" duplicates 5 "0501 - Farm Supply (Eli)". Also typos: "Abandonned", "Vetenary", "chek-up", "Exporation", "Autum", "Elli" vs "Eli", double space in "0402 - Summer Crops". Interesting observations for the report.

Ordering: The saved order (lores.N index) is NOT numeric — meaning it's the "position" order which may have been set by drag-and-drop, or the app's list order is by the "position" field. Wait, actually — hmm. Is the order random-ish? Let me check: 0:0111, 1:0390, 2:0500.2, 3:0220.3, 4:0400, 5:0501... That looks like the recency order (recently edited first?). In c.ai lorebook, entries have position. Hmm, if the author reordered, they'd be sorted logically. This looks unordered — maybe sorted by "last updated". Let me check the app: is there a default sort? The UI has "Sort A-Z" and "Reorder" options. Perhaps the saved page preserved the author's custom order, which is "most recently edited first"? Actually, more likely: the lorebook API returns entries in insertion order, and the editor displays them in position order... Hmm.

Interesting: for the Eternal lorebook, the order looked alphabetically grouped by emoji: ⚔️, ⚙️, 🌄, 🌿, 🐉 — which is exactly alphabetical by emoji codepoint? Let's see: ⚔️ U+2694, ⚙️ U+2699, 🌄 U+1F304, 🌿 U+1F33F, 🐉 U+1F409 — yes, ascending codepoint order! So the Eternal book is sorted by codepoint (i.e., sorted A-Z-ish via a naive collation). So the displayed order = sorted order (maybe the page had "Sort A-Z" applied? or default sort by name). Hmm, but the farm book's order isn't sorted by name (0111, 0390, 0500.2, 0220.3...). Hmm, that contradicts.

Wait — maybe the farm page was still sorted by... hmm, let me check if the farm order corresponds to "last modified" ordering and Eternal's to A-Z. Or maybe the farm order is the position field order (author's custom order) — the author's editing order, and Eternal's is sorted because the author set positions in sorted order? Hmm, unlikely.

Actually! Maybe the c.ai lorebook editor sorts entries by "lore_index"? For the eternal book, the index order might be positional. Let me test whether the Eternal names are exactly in code-point sorted order. And whether the Farm names in code-point sorted order differ (they do differ).

Let me compute sorted order comparison for both.

If Eternal is sorted but Farm isn't, then the Farm display order is author-defined (custom reorder), and the Eternal's author happened to add entries alphabetically... Actually the eternal author's numbering/emoji scheme may be appended in order.

Hmm, but hold on: maybe the farm order is "as edited recently" — no way to verify.

Alternatively the difference: pages may have been saved after the user clicked something? No, they just opened them.

Let's compute: is farm order == codepoint sort? no. Is eternal == codepoint sort? Let me check.

Also I want to check the ordering more concretely: does the DOM include a "Sort A-Z" selected state? The header has buttons "Sort A-Z", "Reorder". Let me check the saved HTML for which control is active (e.g., aria-pressed / data-state). That would tell us the display order semantics.

Let me check.

Thought for 2 seconds

Neither is codepoint sorted. The Eternal grouping seemed ordered by emoji but let me check: entries 0-3 ⚔️, 4-9 ⚔️... Let's print the eternal list to see the actual order, and check if the order is "grouped by emoji but interleaved". Let me print all 68.

Also "Sort A-Z" isn't in the saved HTML — the sort controls appear only in edit mode? The header had "All entries (68/128) Collapse all". So the "Sort A-Z"/"Reorder" buttons are maybe in a menu. Fine.

The order likely = the order entries were created/positioned by the author, possibly by position field. Not that important, but let me note the ordering is author-defined (not alphabetical), which is useful: the numbering scheme is the intended reading order, not the saved order.

Let me print the eternal list fully.

Thought for 9 seconds

Excellent data. Now I have both lorebooks fully structured. Observations:

Eternal Account RPG lorebook (68 entries, @Mythstress)

    Emoji category prefixes: ⚔️ (Eldoria/Elves), ⚙️ (Dwarves/Molten Hold/Fire Imps/Gnome), 🌄 (Prismar/Ysramand/Frontier), 🌿 (Fae/Heartwood Vale), 🐉 (Dragons/Dragonborn/Ash Citadel)
    Entry naming: " - " (Architecture and Society, Conflicts, Hierarchy, Lifestyle, Legacy, Environment, Attire...)
    Keyword style: sparse (avg 2.1), often the topic name itself — highly specific proper nouns, e.g. "Heartwood Vale, Everflow" repeated across 10 entries. Uses "categories of entries" per sub-topic.
    Note: "conflicts, battles, quarrel, dark forces, dramas, rivalries, threats" — the SAME 7-keyword set reused in 3 entries (Eldoria - Conflicts, Molten Hold - Internal Strife, Heartwood Vale - Conflicts, Ash Citadel - Strife — actually 4). That's a deliberate "conflict" trigger cluster.
    Note "Ash Citadel - Attire" has 4/8 "Garb, attire, outfit, armor" — similar to "Heartwood Vale - Attire" (attire, garb, outfit). So a template.
    68 entries used out of 128 max.

How to Build a Farm for Dummies (95 entries, @Aelphya)

    Decimal numbering taxonomy: 0000-0007 world/village, 01xx meta-systems (0101 seasons, 0102 TV, 0103 calendar, 0104 birthdays, 0108/0109 events, 0110-0114 relationships arc), 02xx characters (0200.01-0200.15 villagers, 0210.x bachelorettes, 0220.x bachelors, 0230 other, 0240 hidden datable), 03xx activities (0300, 0310 foraging, 034x fishing, 036x dungeons, 0390 mine), 04xx farm systems (0400 tools, 0401-0403 crops, 0409 legendary crops, 0420-0423 animals, 0450/0460 extensions, 0490 shipping), 05xx shops/services (0500.1/0500.2 economy, 0501-0510), 09xx story (Grandpa arc: 0900 Harold, 0901 letter, 0902 ghost), 10xx recipes (1000, 1001).
    Keyword style: dense (avg 6.9, mostly hitting the 8 cap) with player language: lowercase, conversational ("how much", "chek-up", "better tool"), includes names of NPCs.
    Typos: "Abandonned", "Vetenary", "chek-up", "Exporation", "Autum", "Elli"/"Eli", "0401" duplicated ("Spring Crops" and "Crops"), "0501" duplicated ("Farm Supply (Eli)" and "Harvest Spirits"), double spaces in "0402 - Summer Crops".
    Note: keywords seem designed for the chat model to surface info when the player asks — including mis-spellings matching how players type ("Vetenary", "chek-up").

That's a great analysis: how each author composes.

Also worth noting: the "Hints only" visibility means we see exactly the intended public layer.

Now, what else can be derived? The user's ultimate goal per the original chat: "интересно как конкретно эти составлены" (how exactly these are composed). We can now answer:

    The entry titles show the architecture of both lorebooks (complete taxonomy), and keyword design patterns.
    Entry bodies remain unavailable (server-side, "Hints only").

Additional check worth doing: does the c.ai API return entry descriptions to a viewer who is logged in with NAME_KEYWORDS? Per the UI code, au() computes effective visibility, and the entry block renders only name+keywords. But does the payload include the content and only render partially? If the payload included content, then a signed-in fetch could grab it (a real "bypass"). Let me look for the sanitization in the fetch layer: search the chunk for where entries are mapped with description — e.g. in [uuid] chunk look for lores.map / normalizeLore. Let me search for ".description" near "keywords" in the API module. Search for LORES_VISIBILITY_NAME_KEYWORDS occurrences across all files: we saw in _app (module with r=(a,l)=>... — that's the effective visibility helper), in 1222-*.js, 8588-*.js. Let me look at those occurrences to see if any strips description from the payload._

That matters for a definitive claim: "content never leaves the server" vs "content is in the payload but UI hides it". Let's check the API layer for lorebook lores: find function that fetches lores list (Bq) and see whether it filters.

Let me grep for "searchLorebookLores" or "listLorebookLores" in app and see the queryFn.

Let me verify whether the server strips entry bodies, or whether they're merely hidden in the UI.

Thought for 3 seconds

Key code reads:
js

let v = isCreator && "LORES_VISIBILITY_NAME_KEYWORDS" === f && !!(lore.description?.trim()),
    p = (0,R.xt)(lore,s) || v

So p = "show content". If effective visibility is NAME_KEYWORDS and viewer is NOT the creator → v false, xt false (since xt returns false for NAME_KEYWORDS) → content hidden.

But: the client receives the payload from the server. Does the payload contain description for non-creators? The presence of v (creator-specific) implies the payload does contain the description at least for creators. For non-creators, unclear — server may strip.

Hmm, the interesting part: if the server does NOT strip descriptions for non-creators, then the data IS in the browser (fetched) but not rendered — meaning one could extract it from a saved page... but the DOM shows only titles+keywords, so if it had been fetched, we can't recover it from a saved page (DOM only). But the server-side question matters for whether an authenticated API call would return it.

Let's dig: in the [uuid] chunk there's a fetch for lorebook lores with creatorFilter. Let me find the API function for the public viewer and check for any mapping that strips description. Let's look at module u.Bq — find where Bq is defined. Search in app for Bq: export.

Let me grep for Bq: in app.
Ran commands2

Thought for 8 seconds

The API layer just calls getLorebookCharacters(lorebookId, {creatorFilter}) — no client-side stripping. So whether entry bodies are visible depends entirely on the server response. The fact that the saved page (fetched with the user's own session) has no bodies proves the server omits them for non-creators when lores_visibility = NAME_KEYWORDS.

Hmm, one caveat: creatorFilter: "OWN" vs "OTHERS" in the chunk. In the lorebook editor page ([uuid]), it calls u.Bq(a,{enabled:n,creatorFilter:"OWN",fetchAllPages:!0}) and a second call with creatorFilter:"OTHERS" when public. The "OWN"/"OTHERS" filter refers to filtering characters linked, not entries. Fine.

So: definitive conclusion — content is stripped server-side. Good.

Now let me also double check that the saved pages really came from a session where the user could see the entries (they obviously loaded). Fine.

Now, deliverables. Let me write:

    lorebooks/README.md — the main report:
        context: what this is (from the exported Arena chat)
        what the two saved pages are + what's in them
        why there's no entry text: lores_visibility = "Hints only" (LORES_VISIBILITY_NAME_KEYWORDS) — quote the exact UI strings from the bundle; explain it's server-side, no UI trick, no prompt trick (the context only ever contains what the server injects... hmm, careful: in a chat the model does receive entry bodies when triggered — the chat backend injects the matched entries' content. So a "наводящие вопросы" approach could get paraphrases. The prior assistant said: you'd get a paraphrase, not source. And it declined. I'll restate that: bodies do reach the model at chat time, so leaks are possible in principle, but they yield model-rewritten content, not the source text, and it's against the author's stated wishes (and c.ai ToS). Also — hmm, is that accurate? For NAME_KEYWORDS lorebooks, do the chat models still receive content? Presumably yes — visibility settings control what viewers see, not what the model gets. Yes.)
        findings: full taxonomy of both lorebooks, keyword design patterns, numbering schemes, typos/inconsistencies
        what's in the files
        how to use the parser tool for future saved pages
        privacy note: saved pages contain the account email + a token; the repo is public.

    Structured files (done): lorebooks/harvest-farm/lorebook.{json,md}, lorebooks/eternal-account/lorebook.{json,md}.

    Maybe also lorebooks/comparison.md? I'll fold the analysis into README.md to keep it tight. Actually a dedicated lorebooks/analysis.md might be cleaner. Let me do README.md as the index + context and analysis.md as the deep dive? Hmm, keep it simple: README.md = context + findings summary + file index; analysis.md = detailed composition analysis (taxonomy tables, keyword stats, patterns). I think one README with everything and the two lorebook.md files is best — fewer files, easier to read. But the analysis is substantial... I'll do:

    lorebooks/README.md: context, what was found, why content is missing, and the composition analysis (both books), file index.
    The two per-book .md/.json.

Let me also verify the lorebook cover image and any other metadata (e.g., "Lorebook Beta" tag, published status). Let me pull a few more metadata bits from the saved pages: image filename of cover, tags? Let me check for tags in the DOM ("tags" pills). Search for 'tag' near header. Hmm, earlier extracted text didn't show tags. Let me quickly check for a "status"/"draft"/"published" badge. Earlier text showed "Lorebook Beta" (a global beta badge). Let me check for the word "Draft"/"Published" in the page.

Let me grep for those.

Thought for 2 seconds

No tags/draft info in the DOM (the header area shows "Lorebook Beta" as a label in nav, which is generic).

Let me also verify the "Linked Characters (1)" and the "Chat" button URL, and get the linked character's external_id: farm chat URL = https://character.ai/chat/kD5kCsz66MWj2PY34PbHxSehZTD9-cnYdktrrsGoLMY (matches the MNd9R5_- Harvest Farm external id). Good — I can record it._

Let me update the parser output to include the chat URL mapping (already partially: linked[i]['chat_url']). Let me verify JSON has it.

Then write the README + analysis. Let me also compute some more analysis numbers:

    Farm: distribution by 100-block; keyword counts.
    Eternal: distribution by emoji; keyword reuse clusters (which keyword sets repeat).
    Cross-book comparison.

Let me compute those numbers now so the report is accurate.

Thought for 9 seconds

Rich analysis material. Let me also check the farm 1000/1001, 09xx, 03xx, etc. and note the recurring "conflicts" cluster in eternal.

Additional interesting detail for eternal: 27 entries with only 1 keyword. So the author relies on entry titles + very specific proper nouns, i.e., a "wiki-style" lorebook where the entry name itself is the trigger... Actually careful: in c.ai lorebook the trigger is keywords, not name. Hmm, unless the entry name also acts... no, keywords only. But with "Verdura, Eldoria" style, the trigger relies on the user's message containing those nouns.

Interesting insight: the ⚔️ group has both "Elves - Dark Elves" and "Elves - Dark Elves Demographics" sharing nearly identical keywords ("Dark Elf, Drow") → suggests entries meant to be paired and injected together (content split by heading). Similarly "Sun Elves"/"Demographics".

Also for the farm: keywords are lowercase and include natural player phrasings ("how much", "chek-up", "better tool") plus NPC names — a retrieval-optimized design.

Now, the numbering: the farm's number gaps suggest a planned expansion (e.g. 0200.01–0200.15 across villagers; 0210.1-7 bachelorettes; 0220.1-7 bachelors). Missing: 0200.16+, 0210.8 etc. Also entries 0240 Datable Hidden Characters.

Now, ordering: displayed order is presumably "position" (custom), which mixes numbers. It appears sorted by... hmm. 0111, 0390, 0500.2, 0220.3... This looks like the order in which entries were last modified maybe? Or the order the author added them, since the numbering is the author's own intention. Actually likely the entries are sorted by "position" and the author never reordered, so position ~= creation order. So the author added entries in a scattered order while numbering them logically.

Alternatively — hmm — c.ai editor might sort by "most recently edited" (their default). Can't determine. I'll describe it as "the saved page's order, which is not the numeric order — the numbers are the author's intended index".

Now let me write the deliverables:

lorebooks/README.md:

    Header: what this is
    Section 1: Provenance (archive: chatbots.rar → chat export + 2 saved pages)
    Section 2: What the two pages are
    Section 3: Why the entry text is missing (the Hints only setting; server-side; code evidence; implication: prompting can only produce paraphrases → the prior session's stance)
    Section 4: What we do have (structure: 68 / 95 entries, keywords)
    Section 5: How the two lorebooks are composed (Farm taxonomy table, Eternal taxonomy table, keyword design, quirks)
    Section 6: Files in this folder + parser usage
    Section 7: Privacy note

Also should I mention the "definition hidden (copyable:false)" part? Yes briefly in provenance/report context.

Also include the linked character external ids (kD5kCsz66... and Ysramand bot's id?). Eternal's linked character chat URL — let's grab it from the JSON.

Let me check the eternal JSON linked characters.

Then write README.

Also: should I update the repo root README? There's none. Maybe add a brief root README.md describing the repo (chatbots.rar + lorebooks/ + tools/). That's helpful. Hmm, the user didn't ask... but a small root README indexing the repo is reasonable. I'll skip the root README to avoid scope creep, but maybe mention. Actually I think a tiny root README is genuinely useful for a public repo. I'll add it — short.

Hmm, careful: the repo is public and contains the rar with the user's email/token. A root README linking to lorebooks is fine.

Wait — important decision: should I warn about the token and recommend action? Yes, briefly, in chat (not only in the file). And in README, mention the rar contains a logged-in page snapshot (session-scoped data) — treat as sensitive. Let me check whether the token is likely a credential: CHARACTER_TOKEN_KEY:"char_token" stored in localStorage; and pageProps.token... Let me search the _app for where pageProps.token is consumed — e.g. code that does if (props.token). Search for token in the section of _app that defines App with pageProps. Hmm, easier: search for "token"=== no. Let's grep for .token near pageProps.

Let me try: grep -oE 'pageProps[^;]{0,200}token[^;]{0,200}'.

Thought for 4 seconds

No direct hits (minified/dynamic). I can't definitively determine the token's role, so I'll flag it as "looks like a session-scoped token; treat as sensitive until proven otherwise". Actually, let me quickly test something non-invasive: check the token format against the known pattern. Also, c.ai docs say web API uses Authorization: Token <token> where the token is obtained from the /chat/... or via the char_token localStorage entry. The pageProps token being 40 hex chars is suspicious of being a hash used as CSRF/analytics.

I'll just flag it.

One more useful thing: I can note in the deliverable how to legitimately see entry bodies: if an author sets "Full details". And that the farm/eternal books are "Hints only".

Let me also double-check: do the saved pages contain the lorebook description of each entry's "description"?? No — verified.

Wait, one more possibility for extracting content legitimately that I should verify: c.ai lorebook entries might be visible in the character edit page ("/character/edit/...") for the lorebook attached to a character the user owns... not applicable (they don't own these).

Another possibility: some lorebooks are also published standalone with VISIBILITY_PUBLIC + FULL. Not here.

OK. Another thought: maybe the user wants me to check whether the entry titles+keywords alone are enough to reconstruct "how it's composed" — yes, and my analysis does that.

Let me now also grab a couple of interesting details to include:

    Number of entries used vs max (128) — the farm uses 95 (74%), eternal 68 (53%).
    Both authors' habits differ sharply: farm avg 6.9 kw/entry with 52/95 at the 8-keyword cap; eternal avg 2.1 with 27 entries having a single keyword.

Now write the README.md in lorebooks/.

Let me get the eternal linked char info.

Thought for 2 seconds

Bug: the eternal book's linked character got the wrong chat_url (it's the farm's URL) — because my code assigns chat links by index across the whole document, and the eternal page might reference the Harvest Farm chat link somewhere (e.g., in the sidebar "Today Harvest Farm" list). Let me fix: extract the chat link that appears near the Linked Characters block.

Let me look at the eternal HTML: find "Linked Characters (1)" and the following chat href.

I'll fix the parser to search within a window after the "Linked Characters" label.

The Eternal book picked up the wrong chat link. Let me fix the parser to scope links to the Linked Characters block.
Edit
tools/parse_lorebook_save.py
+8−6

Thought for 1 second

Both correct now. Let me add a chat_url note in the markdown too (nice touch) — the markdown currently prints name + author. Let me include the url. Minor edit.

Then write the README with the analysis.

Let me update to_markdown to include the chat url.
Edit
tools/parse_lorebook_save.py
+3−2

Now the main report:
Writelorebooks/README.md+192

Thought for 10 seconds

Now let me double-check a couple of factual claims in the README:

    "0000 Sunnybrook Village" - the farm entries include "0000 - Sunnybrook Village", yes.
    The list of ⚔️ entries etc. — verified from the data.
    Keyword examples — verified.
    "52 of 95 entries sit at the 8-keyword cap" — verified.
    Eternal: 27 entries with 1 keyword — verified.
    The lorebook API code — verified.
    Command example python3 tools/parse_lorebook_save.py — verified.

Also I should double check the claim about getLorebookCharacters network layer (verified from the bundle: s.getLorebookCharacters(e,{limit:100,nextToken:void 0,creatorFilter:d})).

Also the emoji table: check that ⚙️ group includes "⚙️ Fire Imps - Messengers" and "⚙️ Gnome - Dwarven Weapon Crafters" — yes (12 entries: 10-21).

⚔️ group: entries 0-9 = 10 entries: Eldoria x4, Elves x6 — but the list shows "Elves - Dark Elves", "Dark Elves Demographics", "Sun Elves", "Sun Elves Demographics", "Sylvan Demographics", "Sylvan Elves" = 6, plus 4 Eldoria = 10. ✓.

🐉: entries 47-67 = 21 ✓. 🌿: 26-46 = 21 ✓. 🌄: 22-25 = 4 ✓.

Farm groups: 00xx:5 (0007, 0000, 0003, 0001, 0002) ✓; 01xx:13; 02xx:35; 03xx:8; 04xx:14; 05xx:15; 09xx:3; 10xx:2 → total 95 ✓.

Hmm, one claim: "0200.01–0200.15 villagers (Andrew the mayor … Samuel the priest)" — from data: 0200.01 Andrew (Mayor), 0200.02 Clara (Mayor's Secretary), 0200.03 Benjamin (Retired Blacksmith), 0200.04 Rose (Elder), 0200.04.1 Rose's Secrets, 0200.05 Martha (Retired Farmer), 0200.06 Rowan (Miller), 0200.07 Victor (General Merchant), 0200.08 Grace (School Teacher), 0200.09 Liam (Child), 0200.10 Daisy (Child), 0200.11 Hazel (Orchard Keeper), 0200.12 Noah (Beekeeper), 0200.13 Oscar (Tailor), 0200.14 Emma (Innkeeper), 0200.15 Samuel (Priest) ✓.

Now, "0.09–0109 events" I wrote "0108–0109 events" ✓ (0108 Seasonal Events, 0109 Random Events).

The 05xx shops: 0502 General Store (Victor), 0503 Forge (Finn), 0504 Restaurant & Bakery Menu (Marina), 0505 Blossom Boutique (Lila), 0506 Tailor (Oscar), 0507 Craftsman's Corner (Troy), 0508 Ranch (Maggie) / Fishing Shack (Lucas), 0509 Clinic (Leo & Ava) / Library (Sophie), 0510 Market Stall (Ella) ✓.

Note in README I wrote "0500.1/0500.2 economy reference guides (purchase vs selling prices), 0501–0510 the shops and their keepers" ✓.

Now: should the deliverable also include a comparison to the definition situation? It's covered in section 1.

One more thing to verify: my statement "the network layer does no filtering — it just calls getLorebookCharacters(lorebookId, {creatorFilter})". Careful: on the editor page, the lores come from getLorebook(uuid) (detail query, B2), which fetches the whole lorebook; there's no client-side stripping in the bundle. So the statement is fine but let me phrase accurately — it's already phrased as "The network layer does no filtering". Good.

Let me now also add the root README? I'll skip it — the lorebooks/README.md covers things, and I'll mention the rar. Hmm, a root README makes the public repo less confusing. Let me add a minimal one; it's low risk and useful:

# chatbots
Research notes on AI chat platforms...
- chatbots.rar — session export + saved pages (source)
- lorebooks/ — extracted lorebook structures for two character.ai bots
- tools/ — parser

Keep it brief, and include the privacy warning at root level? Good idea since the repo is public.

Then commit and push? I'll commit. Push: the branch is arena/..., pushing is expected and safe. I'll push.

Also, I should set up .gitignore? Not needed.

Then present lorebooks/README.md.

Also, cleanup: my scratch work is outside the repo (/home/user/scratch) so it won't pollute git — but /home/user is the workspace root; snapshot includes it (except excluded dirs). /home/user/scratch/node_modules is excluded via node_modules rule. /home/user/scratch/extract/... would be captured in the snapshot (25MB of files) — that's fine but wasteful; the caps are ~128MB. Hmm, "Cumulative turn-end patchset artifacts are best-effort capped around 128 MB combined or 10,000 files" — the extract has 230 files, ~25MB. That's OK but let me clean up the big extract at the end to be safe? The rar is already in the repo, so extracting again isn't needed. I'll keep only the two .htm files (needed to re-run the parser) and delete the rest? Actually if I delete, the user can't re-run the parser on those saves... but they have the rar. Let me keep the two .htm files in a scratch folder but remove the _files dirs and the chat json (they can re-extract from the rar). Hmm, but the htm files reference _files for images — irrelevant for parsing.

Actually simpler: keep the two .htm in /home/user/scratch/saved-pages/ and delete the rest. Let me do that at the end.

Wait — careful: should I keep a copy of the .htm in the repo? No: they contain PII (email, token) and the repo is public. Keep them out.

Let me now write the root README, then commit/push, then clean up scratch.

Now a brief root README so the public repo is self-explanatory:
WriteREADME.md+17

Thought for 1 second

Hmm, the du -sh /home/user/scratch/saved-pages printed nothing? It printed "2.7M /home/user/scratch" only for the first. Maybe saved-pages copy failed silently (the cp had 2>/dev/null). Let me check.

Actually wait — the htm files are 827KB + 1.1MB = ~2MB, so 2.7M total suggests they were copied. The second du output may have been merged. Let me verify.

Also, verify the parser still runs on the copied files (relative paths with special chars).

Then commit and push.
Ran commands3

Thought for 2 seconds

Let me finish with a chat summary: what I understood, the key finding, deliverables, next steps, and the security note.

Keep it tight but substantive. Mention:

    Understood the context from the chat export.
    What the two saved pages are.
    Key finding: "Hints only" → titles+keywords only, server-side, and why no prompt trick works (paraphrase problem) — closes the loop on the last question in the export.
    What I extracted and where.
    Security note about the public repo + the saved login snapshots.
    Offer next steps.

Note about language: user writes in English here but the chat export is Russian. I'll answer in English (matching this message).

Read the whole archive. Here's what I found and what I did with it.

What's going on. The export is an Arena session that went from "look at this Hi Waifu link" to systematically pulling character.ai data out of public APIs — the __NEXT_DATA__ prefetch, neo.character.ai/get_character_info, the similar recommendation API, author profiles, Statsig config, tRPC procedures. It stalls on two bots, Harvest Farm (MNd9R5_-) and 000 Eternal Account (geW1ySSt): both are copyable: false, so the definition isn't served, and both have a lorebook whose API returns 401 anonymously. The last exchange asks whether the hidden definition/lorebook can be pried out with leading questions.

The two saved pages are the logged-in follow-up: the lorebooks, opened in the account's own session, saved as complete web pages — 731fbbd1-… (How to Build a Farm for Dummies, 95/128 entries, → Harvest Farm by @Aelphya) and 56da51e9-… (Eternal Account RPG, 68/128 entries, → 000 Eternal Account by @Mythstress).

The key finding: why they contain titles and keywords but no text. It isn't a broken save or a UI trick — it's a lorebook setting the authors picked, and it's enforced server-side. The bundle's own strings:

    LORES_VISIBILITY_FULL = "Full details" — "Entry titles, keywords, and content are visible to others."
    LORES_VISIBILITY_NAME_KEYWORDS = "Hints only" — "Only entry titles and keywords are visible to others. The entry content is hidden."

Both books are on "Hints only". The viewer only renders a body when the effective visibility is FULL, and the API layer does no client-side filtering — it just calls getLorebookCharacters(...). So the text never reaches a non-creator's browser; there's nothing in the page, the JS state, or an authenticated re-fetch to recover. That also closes the "leading questions" question honestly: entry bodies do reach the model at chat time, so something can always be coaxed out — but it's the model's paraphrase, not the author's text, with nothing to check it against, against what both authors explicitly configured.

What I extracted (the titles + keywords are the architecture, which is what you wanted to compare):

    lorebooks/harvest-farm/lorebook.md / .json — 95 entries. A decimal-coded world bible: 0000 world, 01xx meta-systems (seasons → calendar → birthdays → relationship arc 0110–0114), 02xx cast (.01–.15 villagers, 0210.x bachelorettes, 0220.x bachelors), 03xx activities, 04xx farm systems, 05xx shops, 09xx Grandpa story, 10xx cooking. Keywords avg 6.9/entry with 52 at the 8-cap, written in player language (how much, chek-up).
    lorebooks/eternal-account/lorebook.md / .json — 68 entries, the opposite philosophy: emoji factions (⚔️⚙️🌄🌿🐉), Category - Aspect names, avg 2.1 keywords, proper-noun triggers that are deliberately reused to inject clusters (the same 7-keyword "conflicts" set sits on four entries).
    tools/parse_lorebook_save.py — re-run on any future "Save page → Complete" lorebook page; it reports which visibility mode it hit.
    Both quirks are documented too (duplicate numbers 0401/0420/0501/0508/0509, typos like Abandonned, Vetenary, Exporation left in — some even used as keywords).

Committed to arena/01a10133-chatbots (bd44d81) and pushed.

⚠️ One thing worth your attention: the repo is public and chatbots.rar contains logged-in page snapshots — your username, e-mail, and a token value from pageProps. If that token is anything more than scoped/expired, treat it as exposed: log the account out of all sessions (that invalidates tokens) and consider dropping the .rar from the public repo. I deliberately kept PII out of everything I generated.

Want me to go further — e.g. a side-by-side "lorebook design patterns" writeup vs. the 7 public definition prompts from the session, or a template that reproduces each author's scheme for a lorebook of your own?